Add minutes for 2020-11-12 (#239)
srobo/competition-team-minutes: SR2021/2020-11-12.md

  - If they were in the room we could get them to give a micro update with their ideas could we do that
    - Can we get them to give updates to us to increase engagement
    - Getting them to give the update to us could be problematic, but we could ask the teachers to ensure this happens
- We can probably adapt some of the existing microgames
  - Debugging code, flashing LEDs will all work
- We should recommend they watch the Kickstart on a group call.
  - We're not expecting this to be a full day like it usually is, we should warn the team leaders
- How can we do the interactive sessions after the fact
  - Could we get the competitors to join a meet call with a couple of volunteers
  - Could we ask team leaders to invite us to their call
  - Team leaders may not be there
  - In physical Kickstart, teachers would have to give up a full day. We could warn them they will be needed if their competitors want a mentor to join a video call.
  - This is our preferred approach

### Teams

- 25 Teams currently from 15 schools and 3 countries
- Can run with more teams
- Jake sending an email with kickstart information and reminder sign-ups are

### The Game

> - Jake has implemented robot changes and is working on game-specific changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Jake has implemented some robot changes and has proof-of-concept on some game-specific changes
```
